Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in this lecture, we're going to create the optionality to log and use us.
Okay?
The recording as well.
We're going to clear the Pict image.
So to do that over here as well, we're going to use the global variable we created.
The global variable is a variable which is ordered the.
Pics image rights.
Okay.
Now, what they're going to do is they're going to clear the picture image as well.
So to do that, we just have to do is I'm going to go back to.
The Register function.
Okay.
Like it digital right now you're going to call that variable which record on this call image.
Right.
They were going to set darts, clay.
Okay.
Easy as that, then.
That's all I want to add.
Our exclamation mark.
Then hide your semicolon.
Okay, great.
It designates control and has to save this.
Then I'm going to navigate to the login page.
Okay.
Now, like I said, we are going to create the functionality to log in users.
Not to do this.
They're going to do this and the arts comptroller as well.
Okay.
Now I'm going to use culture and B, to make this wider.
Now, this is.
The class which has scored all its controller.
And this is the.
Function to this is a function to sign of users.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a function to.
Log in users.
Okay, so this function is here.
Right.
Okay.
So now we're going to create another function to log in users.
So it's going to look similar like this.
Okay.
So we're very, very happy we're going to be doing this again so you can start the process.
First of all, we can add the comments and the function.
To log any users.
Okay, great.
They're going to create a function that they can call this.
Log.
Log in.
Okay.
Is this okay?
Now the first thing they're going to do is to pass the required fields.
Now we just have two fields.
That is the email, the password.
Right?
So having the pass and the email, it is a test.
So it's going to be a type of string.
Okay.
And also in the the password, which is also a test, so is a type of word string.
Now we're going to pass the async.
Here.
Okay.
Now.
First of all, I used to try and catch them not to get access to the car as I used to go down to this.
Okay.
They can see we have to try and catch.
Now, first of all, you're going to have some validation check just like this.
Like I said, they're basically going to go with the same intent.
Almost all you can see it's a similar.
Okay.
So now you're going to use an E you've it word to check or to give some validation check.
So you're going to see an email that is not empty and.
Password.
God is not empty.
Okay.
Dead only.
We want to do something available before then.
What we can do is.
We can.
Create a verb for possible error as well.
I'm going to call this race.
I'm going to say it equates to some error or cart.
Okay.
Now, this is a test, right?
So it is a type of string.
Okay.
Great.
So now if those skills are not empty, then what they're going to do is they're going to call the families
or two, which we have defined.
And the cost in the calls that that's why they're going to say firebase.
Firebase Odds.
Then there's going to be dot sign.
Sign.
I get it.
But it's outside for us.
There's going to be sign in with email and password.
Okay.
There you can see to us the email and the password.
Great.
Now this is basically it.
What you can do is we can with this as a.
Okay.
Then for the catch we can say is that to this we want to update the variable to rest it.
So he's going to be e starts to string.
Eat or just drink.
Okay.
Now, over here as well.
If this goes unattended to, then only want to create the.
Yes.
Sorry.
Then only we want to send in the user with email and password.
Right.
Okay.
So as well we kind of did the rest variable to.
See.
Sources.
Okay.
And also we can trace.
You now logged in to the console show.
Okay, great.
Now, lastly, after this, we're just going to say on.
Race.
Okay.
Great.
Now you can see.
Easy as that.
Right.
So it's a similar like this, as you can see.
Okay.
So this has got to ease to this, basically what we need to lock in users.
First of all, we.
We created the function called log in users.
Then we said The two fields we're going to be using to log in that user is just email and just the password
that over you we created.
If we recall the address and we assign the possible heroes to it, then we are using to try the cache
block of other try block.
What you are simply saying is if the email is not empty, that if the user fills in those fields, if
these are fields in the email and the password, then only we want to log in the user.
Then we have to know that the variable from which we call address we have a log did that to be able
to assess that as a benefit.
So the console you have now logged in, okay, now this is the if we can also have and house statements.
Okay, so we did the Restrepo then we can just.
Fields.
If it holds, I think you're just going to spy from the other spelling.
Care.
Okay, I think we said please.
We just have to plead with the user.
Please feels.
Must not be an empty tea.
Okay.
Great.
So we are saying if all the skills are not valid, if all fields are valid, that we want to create
the user with the sorry.
We don't want to create the user to create the user, but we want to sign in the user with the email
password.
Else if the users refuses to if the users refuses to fill in those fields, then we want to say please,
fields must not be was empty.
Then if there is other heroes that does not has to do with this, we just want to catch that error.
Right?
Okay.
We just watched across the area, the area where it's on to the rest.
Now, your assessment is going to be this.
You're going to try to implement this function is going to look exactly like the sign up.
Okay.
Before then, I'm going to give you something that's useful.
Not to grab the opinions of the user first.
They're going to grab you're going to use it just that it's a controller, which you have seen before
in the sign off.
You can as well just go back to that side.
Obviously, I want to do this to try to do this yourself.
Okay.
So you are going to get the sense you're going to get to to get the value of the iPad.
That is the value of this.
Both inputs you need to use what it is that the controller did.
You're going to bind it to the fields.
That is the email field and the password field, then over the log in section.
I think this is not the log in over the log in section.
Okay.
You're going to create a sequel trilogy, right?
So.
What about the log in section?
You're going to create a variable.
So another variable but a function.
First of all, you're going to rob this this widgets with a gesture detector observatory that we did
with the gas detector.
Now, remember, I said, in order for you to have access to that log in users, you need to first call
the odd controller.
So you need to see odd controller.
For instance, it starts.
Log in users pass those tests that it's a cultural body that is the variable you can call it probably
email or discord email controller or discord password controller.
Okay.
So that is a school for you.
So you can try to do this yourself then.
And in this lecture we are going to do it together.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.